Okay, I'm currently looking for a good code harness like Claude, the CLI tool, and open code. With open code I currently have the problem that it seems the hooks or plugins. Like I use hooks in Claude and they report the plugins in open code. They don't work as well as they do for instance in Claude, especially the nudging. And also if the feeling open code has a lot of features, like a lot of wide-coded features and it doesn't feel very professional to me. It seems that the community focus on many bells and whistles, but I really want the more slim harness around my agent that focuses on skills and on these hooks where I can run deterministic tools to steer the agent and to reduce mostly the code that it's producing and to trim everything and to be very slim and fit and sleek actually. Claude terminal tool to some degree accomplishes that already, but it is strictly tied to the anthropic model. But sometimes I want to use weaker models and I don't need the expensive ones, so I would like to have an alternative. Is there anything out there? So this project is kind of to find a solution for these problems and to find a good tool that assists me in writing good guardrails for my AI agent. I strongly believe that the way forward is to steer agents with good deterministic tools and to find an efficient way of steering AI agents with those tools and with those guardrails to kind of give them feedback in a quick and effective manner, but still a lot of the necessary flexibility and a lot of them to think and kind of optimize it for the AI as well. I think this article by Birgitta Böckeler https://martinfowler.com/articles/harness-engineering.html somes up my thoughts and ideas quite well, although I don't aggree with all of it, i.e. I made the observations that many people in the software engineering industrie create very noisy harnesses that flood agent with information to sort through (example nWave is a pretty bad offender regarding this) which creates a lot of surface area for the agent to get confused about, in my opinion we need to be more deliberate in what we communicate to the agent and focus more on information quality and density, the caveman pattern goes in that direction (ironically I find the implementation of the skill itself to noisy, and I could accomplish the same thing with just once sentence in CLAUDE.md just as an example), but it is way to simple and just focuses on writing, but it's the right gist I think. 

